So as mentioned let's start with Iowa and let's run our application on iOS device.
Now there are certain requirements you have to fulfill.
And the saddest requirement kind of is you need Mac OSS.
There is no way around that you need X code and X code only runs on Mac OS.
You can of course also get Mapquest run on some virtual machines and stuff like that.
I won't go into this because it's really legal but any ways you need Mac OS wherever dad runs.
If you have Mac OS you can continue.
If you don't have that you unfortunately can't build your Iowas app.
You can still continue developing it and do it in the browser as we did before.
But you won't be able to publish it to the App Store or to a real device or even to the simulator.
That just won't work with that out of the way.
Assuming that you have X code installed you should run X code select install in your terminal.
So after you installed X code this will install some extra tools.
I will use behind the scenes to build your project so that you can actually build your project without
having to enter X code to be able to build your project from the command line.
You don't also need to run NPM install mindless G Iowas deploy.
So this is another command you will need to run and we can actually run this together.
I'm assuming that you ran X code.
Select
install like this.
I already got it installed so it won't work here and if you Randles you now can run NPM
install dashi to install it globally on your machine I was deployed just helper package which is used
to deploy the app to your Iowa Osterweis which without opening X code.
Now chances are you get an error like this and that simply means you have to put as sudo in front of
it since you are installing a global package and on Mac you probably need that.
On Windows it should work without sudo.
Now I'm still getting an error and this is another error you get from time to time with this package.
It can be fixed by adding a of flag unsaved Perm which is set to True and this will now allow you to
install it to force the installation.
This is fine your.
This is no unsafe package.
So what that does is now installed.
Now we fulfill the software prerequisites and we can therefore continue working on this and running
it on iOS device.
Now when running it for the first time.
So you haven't ranted on a real device before.
We need to open it in X code.
This is a must because we have to assign a certain cert certificate to our app to basically inform our
application that this is a valid application that there is nothing wrong with it to assign the certificate.
You first need to build your app for iOS and for this you need to have eyeless add it as a platform
here.
So I already got both platforms added.
But if you don't have it edit simply run könig platform at IO s and as will then add it as a platform
and also execute a build.
So if you already had it added You need to run this build manually so run.
I want to build iOS and this will now simply build your project not just for a web app as we did before
with my own server but also build it to run natively on a device so trigger discord of a step.
I was mentioning on the slides in the first course section triggering code about to take our web application
and build a native app based on that.
So there's not succeeded.
And once you did build it you can open a project in X code.
And now you should navigate into your project folder and there into the platform's folder.
Here in the iOS folder and then does ionic to course X called Project file.
Simply click open on that and this will open it in X code.
Now with this open for the first time you won't see a team assigned here under signing.
If you click on the project you won't see this year.
You have to go to preferences and there you should have an Apple ID or create one by adding plus and
then add Apple ID here you get this Apple ID and then interview details here if you got a couple of
signing identities and provisioning profiles.
The profiles are created automatically.
You need to set up a signing identity and if you have one already you can click Create here where there
is no button for me because I already did this.
You can click Create Now you can create one for the distribution of apps only for the development because
for the distribution you need a paid Apple developer account.
If you have that you able to create that signing too but you only need to development.
Signing identity and that will be available for free.
So after you click Create your and create that identity you can leave the Preferences go back to this
project here and choose your team here.
At that you should automatically sign your app and you can now run it on a device or on the simulator.
You can pick a simulator here or any connect the device and hit the play button to run it from within
X code which also gives you good vantage of having DS just log here which you can open with this button
here on the top right here you will see any console log messages you're printing in the application
and any errors.
So that's very useful for debugging.
I went into glowsticks code and now show you how to this from the command line.
Important again.
Make sure that you have added this signing certificate here.
Now with that added and D IO as deploy package installed globally you can simply run ionic run Iowas
and then dash dash device to run it on a connected iOS device.
So I will quickly connect my device here and then hit enter and this will now build the project.
So turn it into a native app and then ship it to your device and automatically launch it.
They're all from the command line here.
And again if you encounter any errors or have questions about this definitely have a look at the official
documentation for Iowa to learn more about this process.
So does this now opening it on my device or shipping it there and then opening it.
And here I mirroring the app..
So this is my real application running on my real device.
And there you can see it runs pretty well.
I can open my quotes I can favorite them.
Yes go ahead.
Go back here.
Go to February if they read see it here reclose So this is all running well on my device.
And of course only one option.
You can also run on the emulator.
This would be achieved by running ionic emulate iOS.
This will start up the simulator and launch your app there.
So to summarize you have ionic built ins which will bulled it for iOS.
You really need to run this though mostly for the initial setup in X code because this will only treat
a bullet.
You can also run ionic run Iowas this would treat to build and run it on your device.
Important add a dash dash device at the end to work correctly and you can run ionic emulate Aiwass.
This will also create a bold and ship to a range running emulator or start such emulator.
If no one is running.
So these are the useful commands you have at your hand when it comes to running apps on the wise.
And with that you should be able to test replication on real devices.